README.md, before:

# procedural-soundscape
02826 Sound Design for Digital Media Project

We aim to build a procedurally-generated soundscape inspired by '[coffeehouse jazz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2Q6YO3Ez44)'. The ideal end-product is jazz-esque music that can respond in live time to environmental variables. We selected jazz as our target because we believe it will be easier to procedurally generate due to the improvisational and diverse nature of jazz. We will initially follow this [Procedural Music Generation tutorial](http://www.procjam.com/tutorials/en/music/). To begin, we select a 'palette' of frequencies and sounds that function well together. Then, we will add rhythm and beat to generate our base product. After this is accomplished, we may add additional complexities such as palette-changes, instrument modifications, etc. We may additionally attempt to link these complexities to environmental variables for an interactive soundscape.

We will use SuperCollider for the sound synthesis and algorithmic composition. We will begin with [MdaPiano](http://doc.sccode.org/Classes/MdaPiano.html) for a piano synthesizer. We will also add drums, saxophone, bass, and other instruments, as appropriate. Ideally we will have large suite of instrument synthesizers. We have considered creating a web application for this project, a la [Soft Murmur](https://asoftmurmur.com/) and similar websites, which allow the client to modify the mixture directly. If we chose to do this, we might use Google App Engine. 

## Thanks

Eventually by HTML5 UP
html5up.net | @ajlkn
Free for personal and commercial use under the CCA 3.0 license (html5up.net/license)

Demo Images: Unsplash (unsplash.com)

Icons: Font Awesome (fontawesome.io)

Other: Responsive Tools (github.com/ajlkn/responsive-tools)

Commit message:

Initialize skeleton website with audio play-pause

README.md, after:

# procedural-soundscape
02826 Sound Design for Digital Media Project

We aim to build a procedurally-generated soundscape inspired by '[coffeehouse jazz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2Q6YO3Ez44)'. The ideal end-product is jazz-esque music that can respond in live time to environmental variables. We selected jazz as our target because we believe it will be easier to procedurally generate due to the improvisational and diverse nature of jazz. We will initially follow this [Procedural Music Generation tutorial](http://www.procjam.com/tutorials/en/music/). To begin, we select a 'palette' of frequencies and sounds that function well together. Then, we will add rhythm and beat to generate our base product. After this is accomplished, we may add additional complexities such as palette-changes, instrument modifications, etc. We may additionally attempt to link these complexities to environmental variables for an interactive soundscape.

## Thanks

Icons by [Font Awesome](fontawesome.io)

[Background photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/TD4DBagg2wE) by [Mike Kenneally](https://unsplash.com/@asthetik) on [Unsplash](unsplash.com)
